source_field	include_value	exclude_value	comments

dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2020_UMSC
dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2020_DEEP
dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2020_SLCK

dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2019_UMSC
dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2019_DEEP
dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2019_SLCK

dataset_name	SHARK_Zooplankton_2019_2020_SLCK_SMHI

##Zooplankton species (problems with missing biomass parameter necessary to accompany abundance parameter in ICES)
scientific_name		Amphibalanus improvisus
XXX_scientific_name		Anomalocera patersoni
XXX_scientific_name		Asteroidea
XXX_scientific_name		Balanus
scientific_name		Bivalvia
scientific_name		Bivalvia (Lamellibranchiata)
scientific_name		Bylgides sarsi
XXX_scientific_name		Bryozoa
XXX_scientific_name		Cirripedia
XXX_scientific_name		Crustacea
scientific_name		Cyclopoida
XXX_scientific_name		Diaphanosoma
XXX_scientific_name		Echinoidea
XXX_scientific_name		Euterpina acutifrons
XXX_scientific_name		Fritillaria
scientific_name		Gastropoda
scientific_name		Gymnolaemata
scientific_name		Harpacticoida
XXX_scientific_name		Leptodora kindtii
XXX_scientific_name		Magelona
XXX_scientific_name		Microsetella norvegica
XXX_scientific_name		Monstrilla
XXX_scientific_name		Mysidae
XXX_scientific_name		Obelia
XXX_scientific_name		Oithona similis
XXX_scientific_name		Osteichthyes
XXX_scientific_name		Ostracoda
XXX_scientific_name		Polychaeta
XXX_scientific_name		Pompholyx
scientific_name		Radiosperma
XXX_scientific_name		Synchaeta
scientific_name		Tintinnida

scientific_name		Aglantha
scientific_name		Amphipoda
scientific_name		Arnoglossus
scientific_name		Ascidia
scientific_name		Asterias rubens
scientific_name		Asteroidea
scientific_name		Balanus
scientific_name		Ber√∂e cucumis
scientific_name		Bivalvia
scientific_name		Branchiostoma
scientific_name		Bryozoa
scientific_name		Candacia
scientific_name		Carcinus maenas
scientific_name		Chydoridae
scientific_name		Cnidaria
scientific_name		Copepoda
scientific_name		Ctenophora
scientific_name		Cyanea
scientific_name		Decapoda
scientific_name		Diaphanosoma
scientific_name		Diastylis
scientific_name		Doliolum
scientific_name		Echinodermata
scientific_name		Euterpina acutifrons
scientific_name		Gadus
scientific_name		Gastropoda
scientific_name		Harmothoe
scientific_name		Harpacticoida
scientific_name		Hydrachnidiae
scientific_name		Hydrozoa
scientific_name		Hyperia
scientific_name		Hyperiidea
scientific_name		Isopoda
scientific_name		Leptoplanidae
scientific_name		Leuckartiara
scientific_name		Luidia sarsi
scientific_name		Magelona
scientific_name		Meganyctiphanes norvegica
scientific_name		Metridia
scientific_name		Microsetella norvegica
scientific_name		Mysidae
scientific_name		Necora puber
scientific_name		Nemertea
scientific_name		Noctiluca scintillans
scientific_name		Obelia
scientific_name		Oikopleura dioica
scientific_name		Oncaea
scientific_name		Ophiuroidea
scientific_name		Ostracoda
scientific_name		Phoronida
scientific_name		Pisces
scientific_name		Podon
scientific_name		Polychaeta
scientific_name		Porcellana
scientific_name		Processa nouveli
scientific_name		Pseudocuma
scientific_name		Sagitta
scientific_name		Synchaeta
scientific_name		Tiaropsis
scientific_name		Tomopteris
scientific_name		Tomopteris helgolandica
scientific_name		Tomopteris septentrionalis
scientific_name		Trachylinae

scientific_name		Monstrilla longiremis
scientific_name		Corycaeus anglicus
scientific_name		Paraeuchaeta
scientific_name		Anomalocera patersoni
